before these riders hit the road they
will rub up their engines here and I say
the best thing to do is to take a class
to learn you know the basics and all the
safety requirements to operate a bike
but most bikers are not licensed to
write much less ever attended class they
can actually go and buy a motorcycle
without having a license to ride a
motorcycle looking ensure it they can do
anything by it and write it off from the
dealership without any clue as to how to
write it and as gas prices go up the
number of unlicensed drivers will rise
as well there are more people buying
motorcycles because of gas prices
scooters etc these motorcycles we use
for training motorcycles get about 65
miles to the gallon this beginner course
teaches its riders how to keep from
getting into an accident and how they
can lower their chance of getting
injured if they do and we focus a lot on
cornering Breaking and swarthy so that
people will know what to do in the in
the event that they need to but the
greatest danger on de Road comes from
other drivers and I give us a little
space we require just as much space as a
car but a lot of cars don't do that most
people pull out in front of them they
look you're dead now when they do it so
you got to pay attention on the road
look up motorcycles because they're
small you look right through in learning
that in this class is I watch out for a
motorcyclist now we're riding and
driving the right way should keep
everybody on the road see some people
say you know bike bikes will kill you
but a car kill you but it's how you you
know you should take the classes learn
the proper way to use the bike and
and just go out in practice
the hurt study that was done several
years ago found out that motorcyclists
that ninety two percent of the
motorcyclists that were involved in
crashes were either self taught are
taught by friends or family